---
layout: post
categories: listing
listing_type: house_and_lot
star: 3

fb:
  image: almiya-blog-650x350.jpg         #650x350

images:
  home:
    popup: almiya-card-650x350.jpg       #650x350
    thumbnail: almiya-card-390x280.jpg   #390x280
  card:
    preview: almiya-card-350x200.jpg     #350x200
  post:
    banner: almiyab-blog-760x400.jpg      #750x400

title: Almiya
description: a well-planned modern Asian-inspired community, truly gives you more value for your investment. It's the first complete community in the north that offers 24/7 security, well-appointed amenities, unparalleled property management and well-designed homes.

---

## Asian-inspired community

a well-planned modern Asian-inspired community, truly gives you more value for your investment. It's the first complete community in the north that offers 24/7 security, well-appointed amenities, unparalleled property management and well-designed homes. With its strategic location, families in this gated community will have easy access to institutions like schools, churches, hospitals and other commercial establishments. 

> Come home to a place where smiles are abundant

Almiya provides its vecinos a “complete community” by offering amenities like a clubhouse, multi-purpose court, swimming pool, children’s play area and landscaped open green spaces where families can celebrate milestones and have casual get-togethers with neighbors.

> a Complete Community

## Exceedingly Beautiful

From the name itself which means "Exceedingly Beautiful", is the first complete community in the North. All you need in close PROXIMITY.. Set in the northern part of the city, Brgy. Canduman, Mandaue City, living here gives quick access to schools, churches, hospitals and other commercial establishments.

> DO MORE. LIVE MORE.

## AMENITIES
- Clubhouse
- Pool with deck
- Multi-purpose court
- Play area
- Landscaped parks
- Landscaping throughout the community

## FEATURES
- 24/7 security
- Property Management
- Waste water treatment facility
- Overhead water tank
- Cistern tank

With more amenities like a clubhouse, multi-purpose court, swimming pool, children's play area and landscaped open green spaces, you're sure to get more SMILES from every member of your FAMILY.


## Get In touch
You may also contact +63 917 631 2463 
[luchelle@cebuhomepages.com](mailto:luchelle@cebuhomepages.com)